Impossible Long Shuai's death is already news
Who is this guy?
Could it be that Long Shuai blew up and died, but it wasn't right?
There is no reason to do so
Xiaofan, can you introduce yourself?
Liao Fan, what is your identity?
Yes, I am.
It's just a bodyguard responsible for protecting Mr. Gao
According to my investigation
After the Frontier Rebellion
It also appeared in Jinghai out of thin air
So where were you during the Frontier Rebellion?
This guy's problem is definitely not easy
Then what do you want me to say about the dragon handsome imitator?
Or is it a special case of accidentally bumping into the face?
Ahhh! What is this?
This is the murderer of Four Kills Long Shuai
A highly skilled love killer
Ah, these are the full lists of Cao Lin's remnants
It's the scourge of my summer
As Great Xia National Teacher
We must get rid of these cancers, no
That's not possible.
My father and I will never be a rebellion
Bao Xiaoyu, you traitor
In order to get rid of Long Shuai, the biggest stumbling block
Cultivate Liao Fan at all costs
Liao Fan is also like a long dragon
Carry out an assassination plan on the frontier
You are a gangster
It turns out that this is the truth of the border chaos
Fortunately, the imperial master personally took action
It's like catching everything in one go.
Others have been pulled to the city center to be killed on the spot
You two are different
I will use your blood
Come to pay tribute to the spirit of Lou Shuai in heaven
Chop down Liao Fan
Cut down the licorice cloud
Chop down Zhang Xiaoyun
Chop down Liao Fan
Cut down the licorice cloud